Frame by frame animation is already a
pain, but what made animate with text
interesting was that you could skip
drawing motion and just describe [music]
it. But you still needed a starting
image. So I wanted to see what happens
if you remove that step entirely.
This is the create animated object/c
character tool. And instead of uploading
a sprite first, you just prompt what you
want. So I tried something simple. I
typed a small top- down pixel
adventurer, relaxed idle stance, subtle
breathing motion, [music] no base
sprite, no sketch. Okay, that already
feels different. So then I pushed it a
bit more. I tried a medieval stone lever
mounted on a wall, heavy handle with
worn edges, slow downward pull with
visible resistance, then snapping into a
locked position. And again, all from
text. At that point, you're not
animating anymore. you're kind of
directing. So, I went further. A massive
dungeon stone door, layered rock slabs,
[music]
grinding open with dust particles,
slowing to a stop, then remaining open
for a moment. What's interesting is that
it understands intent. Once it looks
right, you can tweak it, regenerate
variation, or just export the sprite
sheet and drop it straight into your
game. Check it out at pixelab.ai. Stay
on.